README.md, before:

# TWRP device tree for Redmi Note 10S (rosemary)

## Status

Current state of features (from [here](https://twrp.me/faq/OfficialMaintainer.html)):

### Blocking checks

- [X] Correct screen/recovery size
- [X] Working Touch, screen
- [X] Backup to internal/microSD
- [X] Restore from internal/microSD
- [X] reboot to system
- [X] ADB

### Medium checks

- [X] update.zip sideload
- [X] UI colors (red/blue inversions)
- [X] Screen goes off and on
- [X] F2FS/EXT4 Support, exFAT/NTFS where supported
- [X] all important partitions listed in mount/backup lists
- [X] backup/restore to/from external (USB-OTG) storage
- [X] [backup/restore to/from adb](https://gerrit.omnirom.org/#/c/15943/)
- [X] decrypt /data
- [X] Correct date

### Minor checks

- [X] MTP export
- [X] reboot to bootloader
- [X] reboot to recovery
- [X] poweroff
- [X] battery level
- [X] temperature
- [X] set brightness
- [X] vibrate
- [X] screenshot
- [X] partition SD card

## Building

```bash
source build/envsetup.sh
lunch twrp_rosemary-eng
mka bootimage
```

> ***NOTE: For OrangeFox/TWRP builds, you can build recovery with [this patch](https://github.com/ItsVixano/android_bootable_recovery/commit/d8f3043a212e15db63ccf76ea0f09a55308e2bdf) if you want to get 60FPS on recovery***

Commit message:

treewide: First adaptation for biloba
* Based on rosemary tree with adaptations for biloba

* Import prebuilts from miui_BILOBAGlobal_V13.0.4.0.SCUMIXM_4bec0ed494_12.0

* Don't compile vibrator HAL because it won't work on biloba (will need to be
  fixed later)

* Remove bootctrl and mtk_plpath_utils (biloba uses EMMC and EMMC
  support was dropped in rosemary trees, those cleanup commits will need
  to be reverted) (twrp isn't able to start properly due to the lack of
  bootctrl)

Signed-off-by: Woomymy <github@woomy.ovh>

README.md, after:

# TWRP device tree for Redmi Note 8 Pro 2021 (biloba)

This tree is based on the [Redmi Note 10S (rosemary)](https://github.com/RedmiNote10S/recovery_device_redmi_rosemary) device tree

## Status

Current state of features (from [here](https://twrp.me/faq/OfficialMaintainer.html)):

### Blocking checks

- [ ] Correct screen/recovery size
- [ ] Working Touch, screen
- [ ] Backup to internal/microSD
- [ ] Restore from internal/microSD
- [ ] reboot to system
- [ ] ADB

### Medium checks

- [ ] update.zip sideload
- [ ] UI colors (red/blue inversions)
- [ ] Screen goes off and on
- [ ] F2FS/EXT4 Support, exFAT/NTFS where supported
- [ ] all important partitions listed in mount/backup lists
- [ ] backup/restore to/from external (USB-OTG) storage
- [ ] [backup/restore to/from adb](https://gerrit.omnirom.org/#/c/15943/)
- [ ] decrypt /data
- [ ] Correct date

### Minor checks

- [ ] MTP export
- [ ] reboot to bootloader
- [ ] reboot to recovery
- [ ] poweroff
- [ ] battery level
- [ ] temperature
- [ ] set brightness
- [ ] vibrate
- [ ] screenshot
- [ ] partition SD card

## Building

```bash
source build/envsetup.sh
lunch twrp_biloba-eng
mka bootimage
```
